KOGITO-7422 [KSW-Guides] Serverless Logic Web Tools (#160)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/tooling/serverless-logic-web-tools/serverless-logic-web-tools-deploy-projects.adoc

= Deploying your projects
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Serverless Logic Web Tools deploying your projects
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, editor, web, tools, settings, openshift, deploy, project

> Serverless Workflow projects can be deployed to an OpenShift instance via the OpenShift integration, allowing authors to test their implementations in a live environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{context} projects can be deployed to an OpenShift instance via the OpenShift integration, allowing authors to test their implementations in a live environment.
```

Instead of `Serverless Workflow`, please use the attribute `{context}` instead. @hmanwani-rh I think it's a good idea to add this info in the contributions doc.
